# University Showcase

To protect against the use of my university work, most of it is kept hidden. This repository serves to display the reports from some of the larger projects which can safely be viewed by the public.  Excluding the reports in this repository, a subset of other notable projects from this period include:
- Slice 'n Dice [Delphi (Pascal) | MSAccess (SQL)]: a desktop application serving as a recipe manager which can keep stock of your kitchen inventory to help present recipes that can be made with what is currently available in the kitchen. The application also extends itself to providing access to a shopping list based on recipes you set up, and then provides access to online shopping to order the necessary items. Alternatively, the shopping list can be printed or otherwise shared for physical trips to the store. Beyond this, you can plan your meals in Slice 'n Dice to further the effectiveness of the shopping list. The application also tracks previous meals you have eaten. Together, this can provide deep analytics into your eating habits. Slice 'n Dice has a basic analytics tab in which you can compare your true dietary in-take (based on the tracked meals) to the dietary goals you have set for yourself.
- High Performance Computing (HPC) Analysis [C | OpenMP | MPI]: Analysed performance comparisons of alternative solutions (serial, OpenMP, MPI, and hybrid OpenMP and MPI) when applying a median filter to a directory of colour images.
- Image Processing with Connected Components [C++]: Takes a user-defined threshold and image; returns the processed image where connected components (according to the threshold) are highlighted.
